[Node.js] Style guide fixes for TDBX vale rules (#842)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/skip.txt

     console.dir(doc);
   }

> Since we specified that the first ``2`` documents be skipped, the

Author: ```suggestion
Since we specified that query skip the first ``2`` documents, the
```
